Update avm-terraform-module-review-template.md (#1756)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/static/includes/avm-terraform-module-review-template.md

### Tasks
- [ ] Address comments on AVM-Review-PR if any
- [ ] Ensure that all checks on AVM-Review-PR are passing

> - [ ] Make sure you've run [grept](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/contributing/terraform/terraform-contribution-flow/owner-contribution-flow/#5-grept) and [pre-commit and pr-check](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/contributing/terraform/terraform-contribution-flow/#41-run-pre-commit-and-pr-check).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure you have run [grept](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/contributing/terraform/terraform-contribution-flow/owner-contribution-flow/#5-grept) and [pre-commit and pr-check](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/contributing/terraform/terraform-contribution-flow/#41-run-pre-commit-and-pr-check).
```

- [ ] Tick this to acknowledge specs with comment "Module Owner to action this spec post-publish as appropriate" in the table below.

> - [ ] Please remember to update _header.md file as it contains instructions which once actioned need to be replaced with Module Name and Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Please update the _header.md file as it contains instructions which - once actioned - need to be replaced with Module Name and Description.
```
